feat(curriculum): add workshop python functions (#68279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-kitchen-inventory-tracker/6a3e71a0a3a44260e675b157.md

---
id: 6a3e71a0a3a44260e675b157
title: Step 12
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-12
---

# --description--

> To solve the mystery of your missing egg and actually cook breakfast, create a new function. Think of this function as your recipe, one that calls other functions to get the job done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve the mystery of why your egg count didn't change and actually cook breakfast, create a new function. Think of this function as your recipe, one that calls other functions to get the job done.
```

> To solve the mystery of your missing egg and actually cook breakfast, you are going to write a new function. This function will act as your recipe and will call other functions to get the job done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve the mystery of your missing egg and actually cook breakfast, create a new function. Think of this function as your recipe, one that calls other functions to get the job done.
```

> Below your `print(available_eggs)` statement, define an empty function named `make_fried_egg` that accepts one parameter: `available_eggs`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below your `print(available_eggs)` statement, define an empty function called `make_fried_egg` that takes `available_eggs` as its only parameter.
```

Use the `pass` keyword inside the body for now.

# --hints--

You should define a function named `make_fried_egg`.

```js
({
  test: () => assert(

>     runPython(`_Node(_code).find_function("make_fried_egg")`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    runPython(`_Node(_code).has_function("make_fried_egg")`)
```

  )
})
```

> Your make_fried_egg function should have eggs as its parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `make_fried_egg` function should have `eggs` as its parameter.
```

```js
({
  test: () => assert(
    runPython(`
      _Node(_code).find_function("make_fried_egg").has_args("eggs")
    `)
  )
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)
        

> --fcc-editable-region--
>        
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--
```

---
id: 6a3e71a0a3a44260e675b157
title: Step 12
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-12
---

# --description--

To solve the mystery of your missing egg and actually cook breakfast, you are going to write a new function. This function will act as your master recipe and will call other functions to get the job done.

Below your `print(available_eggs)` statement, define an empty function named `make_fried_egg` that accepts one parameter: `available_eggs`. 

> This function will also introduce a concept called **name shadowing**. If you name a parameter the exact same name as a global variable (like `available_eggs`), the function will use its own local parameter `available_eggs` instead of the global one. The local variable "shadows" the global one!

Reviewer: This line seems redundant, step 6 already introduces "name shadowing". Please remove this line.

> Here again this function will also introduce a concept called **name shadowing**. If you name a parameter the exact same name as a global variable (like `available_eggs`), the function will use its own local parameter `available_eggs` instead of the global one. The local variable "shadows" the global one!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will also introduce a concept called **name shadowing**. If you name a parameter the exact same name as a global variable (like `available_eggs`), the function will use its own local parameter `available_eggs` instead of the global one. The local variable "shadows" the global one!
```
